[ school bell rings ]
As the official party planner
for your birthday --
Mmm. Well, I've taken
the liberty
Of putting together
some potential themes.
We could do glam rock...
Super mario brothers...
The roaring twenties.
[ speaking japanese ]
Clams. Clams!
What? Where?
On me?
Langley's getting...
An awww shucks.
What's that?
Awww shucks
is a fast food chain
With the best fried clams
in the world,
And they're served
in their own shell!
Ohh, and they have
this sauce --
Special sauce!
It's so beloved people have
literally been buried with it.
And we're talking
living people,
People who just want to be alone
in the dirt with the sauce.
Well, if my best friends
love it,
I'm sure
I'll love it too!
When do I get to slurp up
my first clam?
Sorry, gross,
knew it as soon as I said it.
The grand opening
is tomorrow.
Hey, what's that?
I'm planning toshi's
birthday party.
Is he still calling it
his "quinceañera"?
Yes, and I don't know how to
ask why without sounding racist.
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
These clams
must be amazing.
Is that bruce springsteen
in line?
Yeah, the boss
is a huge shucker.
And watch this.
Shucks for you!
Shucks for me!
All: ♪ at awww shucks
we're all clam-I-ly! ♪
Taking a selfie
with the secret sauce tank
Is another
rite of passage.
[ camera shutter clicks ]
And the tank is actually full
of real sauce!
Look!
Excuse me, sir!
Please keep away
from the sauce tank!
It's a violation
of rule number 47-b!
Customers are only allowed
one sauce squirt per clam!
I don't like you.
Um, sir.
Who are you?
The name's matt m.
Another matt
works here, too.
Assistant manager
of store number 52.
Shucks is my religion,
the employee manual is my bible,
And this is my sermon...
One sauce squirt per clam,
my son!
[ indistinct conversations ]
You guys are the experts.
What should I get?
There's a secret
menu too.
Seaweed style,
barnacle style,
And if you say,
"clam me," they...
Woman: Clam me!
[ mouth full ]
thank you!
You need to take your very
first bite on the clam throne!
Well...?
Yeah...
...They're...
...Fine.
I mean, they're fine...Ally
in my mouth
And I couldn't
be happier?
[ people grumbling ]
Heads up,
clamboni coming through!
What the hell
is going on?
This is the coldest reception
the clamboni has ever gotten!
And I've driven this thing
into a church!
Mail's here!
That's mr. Miner's mail.
Who...
Is mr. Miner?
The guy who lived here
before us.
We've been getting his mail
ever since we moved in.
Why don't you just
throw it away?
And commit
a federal crime?
I have two strikes
and I'm saving the third
For when the king tut exhibit
comes back to town!
You should find mr. Miner
and give him his mail.
He probably misses it.
[ sarcastically ]
oh, "find him"? No sweat.
I'll just run his mail
through a cia profiling machine
And create a detailed profile
we can track.
Wait, what if I run his mail
through a cia profiling machine
And create a detailed profile
we can track?!
Could that work?
Jeff, I wouldn't
have said it twice
If I didn't think
it could work.
[ school bell rings ]
[ indistinct conversations ]
Great, it's spreading.
Steve, you gotta give shucks
another chance!
You must've had
a bad bite.
We made you
a better bite.
Yum yummity
yum yum yummers!
Alright!
There's a shucker
born every minute.
Blech!
♪♪
[ whistle blows ]
[ insects buzzing ]
♪♪
[ blade clinks ]
[ clapping ]
♪♪
Fee-fi-fo-fum,
I smell something nasty
in locker 211.
Open her up, chappy!
Fine, I'll admit it!
I don't like shucks!
Do what you must!
Tar and feather me!
Put my head and hands
Through whatever you call
that big wooden thing!
It's okay that clams
aren't your jam, buddy.
If you don't like 'em,
don't eat 'em.
Really?
That's great.
I was worried you guys
were gonna exclude me
Or -- or shun me or...
I believe the word you're
looking for is "ostracize."
And "that big wooden thing"
is called a "pillory."
And now the machine will make
a visual profile of mr. Miner
Based on the data
from his mail.
[ beeping ]
Francine:
So miner is super jacked?
Well, he does subscribe
To muscle madness
fitness magazine.
And the hawaiian shirt?
That's either his
jimmy buffet fan club membership
Or his coupons
from trader joe's.
Okay. Then how do you explain
the big pirate hat?
The library keeps sending him
overdue book notices
For "treasure island."
So how do we find
this junk mail hunk?
The tracking machine's
compiling his profile data
And now we print
the results.
Whoops, I just sent it
to the 3-d printer by mistake.
The cia
has a 3-d printer?
Yeah. We also have
a coffee maker.
Does that
blow you away?
So what's the theme
of this party?
Lame bullshit
nobody likes?
It's classic literature
come to life!
There's an "of mice and men"
rabbit-petting room,
A "scarlet letter" room
Where we all shame toshi
as an adulteress,
And a room full of monitors
Where we can watch all
the other rooms like "1984"!
No batman room?
Literature, klaus.
Comic books
are books, steve!
[ doorbell rings ]
Happy birthday,
toshi!
Step into this house
And step into the
required reading of our grade!
I won't spoil all the surprises,
but the big finale
Is we all take a hot-air balloon
ride together
Like "around the world
in eighty days"!
Oh, no,
my grandma just died.
Oh, gosh,
that's terrible!
I need to go
plan her funeral!
Holy cow!
My grandma died, too.
She was in a duel
with barry's grandma
And they shot each other
at the same time!
Wait, what?
I don't get it, klaus.
What happened?
Of course.
Crowd: Happy birthday!
[ cheering ]
They had their own party...
And didn't invite me?
Billy went
to a party...
And lied about it?
He told me he couldn't
go grave-robbing
Because he had to study
for a spanish quiz!
Can't believe my stupid friends
ditched me for stupid clams.
I hate awww shucks!
Hohoho, steve.
I'm loving this dark turn
you're taking.
You're giving off
major joker vibes,
The joaquin phoenix
version.
Cast out from society
For not absolutely
loving clams.
Couldn't help but overhear.
I hate shucks, too.
When they opened
next to sub hub,
Parking got so bad I have to
skate 25 minutes to work!
You skateboard?
Please, I've been
shredding the gnar
Since tony hawk
was tony egg.
Why can't my friends see
how terrible that place is?!
Look, all restaurants
are secretly gross.
At sub hub we call it
"shaved turkey"
Because we scrape mold off
each morning with a razor blade.
You wanna take down shucks,
get a job there and dig up dirt.
I'm gonna say it --
radical!
This 3d-printed mr. Miner
looks hot as hell,
But we're no closer
to getting rid of his mail.
Huh.
He's got a switch.
Hello,
current occupant.
We'll pay cash
to buy your home!
Surprisingly
sexy voice.
Dear virginia gas & electric
customer.
Installing solar panels can
save you hundreds on your bill!
Wait, he's just saying nonsense
like a hot dummy.
Actually,
it's yes-sense.
He's saying "hello" but he
only knows words from his mail.
You're pre-approved already!
See, he's telling me
I'm right!
If this guy knows all the info
in mr. Miner's mail,
We can use him
to find the real miner!
Oh, good, stan.
We haven't seen you in weeks.
You're supposed to be
overseeing the drone strike
On that afghan
terrorist bunker.
Yeah, well, I'm doing this
instead, okay?
This is a clam.
God's little miracle.
It's hard as hell
on the outside,
But that's why it's so
gosh dang tender on the inside.
Now, the secret
to shucking clams is -- ow!
The secret is -- ow!
The secret --
ow! Ow-ow-ow-ow!
Just give me
the damn knife!
Taking the initiative,
I like that.
Time to dig up some dirt
and bring this place down!
♪♪
Aha!
Rat droppings!
A major
health code violation!
[ sniffs ] damn it.
These are droppings
from the super-fresh clams!
If there's one thing
I know,
It's the smell
of underwater poops.
Maybe there's nothing wrong
with their food,
But every fast food chain
screws over their employees.
Whoa, shucks workers get
a month of paid vacation!
And their retirement plan
is a 402(k),
One better than usual!
There's no dirt
anywhere!
Maybe this place is perfect,
and I'm the problem.
Maybe my friends are right.
What's wrong with me?!
There's nothing wrong
with you, steve.
It's society!
You're a terrific kid.
You should just
poison the clams.
That's what the joker
would do --
Shut up about the joker,
klaus! Yow!
Roger: Uh-oh!
I know that sound!
Minor flesh wound.
Manual says you got 10 minutes
to clean it and cream it.
First-aid kit's in my office.
Clock starts now!
Stop looking for
the first-aid kit, klaus.
I want it to get infected,
Like society has been infected
by these clam-lovers!
Again, loving the darkness,
steve.
And if we're looking for dirt,
I think we're getting warmer.
It's a keypad lock,
and we don't know the password.
Unless...
[ beeping ]
Yup, the password is "clams."
Of course the password
is "clams."
Attention, shuckers!
I've learned information
I feel obligated to share.
Turns out the "special sauce"
you all love sooooo much...
Is just mayo
and tartar sauce!
Leave it to shucks to make
the ordinary extraordinary!
[ cheering ]
[ laughing ]
am I the only one
Who hasn't been brainwashed
by this place?!
I feel like
I'm going insane!
Yes! That's total
joker talk!
I'm not
the freakin' joker!
Steve?!
[ bubbling ]
[ suspenseful music plays ]
[ gasps ]
joker, joker, joker!
Haha-haha-hahahaha!
[ laughing ]
Stop him!
That much exposure to the toxic
preservative in special sauce
Will drive him insane!
My special sauce
is toxic?
Just a smidge,
But it's neutralized
by a natural chemical in clams.
Is he
going to be okay?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
After that much
sauce exposure,
He just needs to eat
a hundred pounds of clams
In the next 24 hours
or he'll go insane forever.
That shouldn't be a problem.
He likes clams, right?
Alright, 3d-printed
mr. Miner,
Tell us where
real mr. Miner lives
So we can dump off
all this damn mail.
Voter registration address
for mr. A. Miner --
416 cherry street.
I know where that is!
Yeah,
that's our house, jeff.
That's where his mail's
been going.
He's gotta be getting these
huge muscles from somewhere.
Maybe he goes to a gym?
Credit card
transaction --
June 5th,
chimdale fitness club.
He lives in chimdale!
Nobody drives to that craphole
just to use a gym.
Mr. Miner,
what kind of car do you drive?
It's time
to renew auto insurance
On your yellow
2005 nissan rogue.
We got him.
Let's roll.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
[ knock on door ]
What the heck?
[ groans ]
[ laughing ]
Good morning,
boys and girls!
Your teacher's indisposed,
So your substitute's here
to teach you a little lesson.
Snot, barry, toshi,
Please remove the items
I've taped under your desks.
[ laughing ]
Now if I may direct
your attention out the window,
You'll see your beloved
Awww shucks
eating establishment.
And you'll notice two
hot-air balloons above it.
Barry:
Neat! Balloons!
Not just balloons,
barry, a dilemma!
Neat!
Dilemma balloons!
The basket of one balloon
Is filled with
every single clam
From the shucks kitchen below.
And in the other balloon
are all three of your grandmas,
Who turned out to be
miraculously alive.
And, uh-oh,
I know all about
toshi's little clam party, too.
Steve,
we can explain --
I'll do the explaining.
The remote control
has a "save clams" button
And a -- hoo-hoo --
"save grams" button.
You can only press one,
and when you do,
The other balloon will be cut
loose and float away forever.
[ laughing ]
The grandmas are old!
The clams are young!
The choice is clear!
If god wanted us
to save grandmas,
He wouldn't have
given us clams!
Why so serious,
boys?
Worried your little friends
will turn on you
If you don't choose
the clams?
Well, welcome
to my world!
Awesome!
I thought you'd be more
of a jack nicholson joker,
But this whole twisted
moral dilemma thing
Is very heath ledger!
Steve, buddy.
The sauce is making you crazy!
Uh uh uh, pick a balloon
or I let both go.
Together:
Clams! Clams! Clams! Clams!
Toshi, you know I hate
to go against a chant, but...
Save the grandmas.
[ beep ]
[ all gasp ]
Aww.
Say bye-bye to your
precious mollusks, kiddies!
And you have snot,
barry, and toshi to blame!
The scary clown's right.
They ruined
everything!
Well, look at that.
Your friends walked out on you.
You might even say you've
been...Ex-clam-unicated!
[ geese honking ]
oh, no! Look!
[ people screaming ]
What's wrong?
Never seen a clam bake before?
The flavor
is explosive!
Great timing!
[ sighs ]
this is fun.
♪ I killed shucks, hey ♪
♪ I'm dancing on its grave ♪
[ sobbing ]
look what you've done.
No, it can't be!
Clamboni, noooo!
Steve, we're sorry.
Nobody at school
will talk to us anymore.
Oh, they
"clammed up" on you
Because you were
being "shellfish?"
We're glad
you burned it down!
In fact, we think
you should burn them all down.
With our help.
Burn down every shucks...
I love it!
Only question is
where to start.
We start
where it started.
The original restaurant
in ocean city, maryland.
How poetic.
The birthplace of shucks
Becomes the deathplace
of shucks.
[ evil laughter ]
There it is!
Yellow nissan rogue!
[ doorbell rings ]
Hello?
Hi, um,
does your son live here?
'cause we've been getting
a mr. Arnold miner's mail
For like 20 years.
[ crying ]
I'm sorry,
arnie was my husband.
He passed
several years ago.
Today is our anniversary.
3d-printed mr. Miner: Tell her
you'd do it all over again
With the perfect
anniversary gift.
Arnie? Is that you?
Every kiss begins with kay.
It is you!
Oh, arnold,
you've returned to me!
Thank you.
Now if you don't mind,
mr. And mrs. Miner
Have several years
of lovemaking to catch up on.
♪ hey ♪
[ laughing, tires screech ]
Destroy...Everything.
I hope these mother[bleep]
have insurance!
Enough with the appetizer.
I'm hungry
for the main course.
Hello, I'd like to order
an entire restaurant
Burned to the ground.
Hahahahahaha!
Drop these babies
in the deep fryer
And your order
will be complete.
The beating heart
of shucks.
And I feel a heart attack
coming on!
Snot, the m-80s,
please.
Snot:
I'm afraid I can't.
We're not really here
to burn down shucks.
We're here
to save you.
The special sauce turned you
into a monster.
That's why
we lured you here.
It's the only place
with enough clams.
Enough clams to what?
To neutralize
the toxic sauce!
I should've known!
[ grunts ]
You still care more
about shucks than me!
We're doing this
because we care about you!
Ghphghphgph!
♪♪
Uh.
Ow, my head.
Steve, we're sorry.
If we didn't ditch you
for clams,
This never
would've happened.
And I'm sorry I jeopardized
our friendship
With arson
and light vandalism.
Honestly, after what
we've been through,
I never want to see
another clam again.
As weird as it may sound,
I've kind of developed
a taste for them.
In fact...
Clam me!
Dee-lic--
[ stomach gurgles ]
Bye-bye.
See you soon.